README.md, before:

# OpenEmbedded/Yocto layer for the Sourcery G++ toolchain

## Dependencies

- [openembedded-core](https://github.com/openembedded/openembedded-core)
  layer, with a matching branch (i.e. master of oe-core and master of
  meta-sourcery).
- [bitbake](https://github.com/openembedded/bitbake), with a matching branch.
- An installed Sourcery G++ toolchain
- An existing build directory configured for this bitbake and
  openembedded-core.

## Usage & Instructions

- If it's an ia32 toolchain, make sure you did *not* let it modify your PATH,
  and if you did, remove it.

  This is necessary because the ia32 Sourcery G++ toolchain
  shipped non-prefixed binaries (e.g. `gcc` rather than `i586-none-linux-gcc`), which
  means bitbake would be unable to run the host's gcc directly anymore.
- Add the meta-sourcery layer to your `BBLAYERS` in `conf/bblayers.conf`. Please make
  certain that it is listed before the `meta` layer, as this ensures meta-sourcery gets
  priority over meta.
- Set `EXTERNAL_TOOLCHAIN = "/path/to/your/sourcery-g++-install"` in `conf/local.conf`.

### Optional Functionality

- If the user chooses to, they may optionally decide to rebuild the Sourcery G++ glibc
  from source, if they have downloaded the corresponding source archive from Mentor
  Graphics. To so, set `TCMODE = "external-sourcery-rebuild-libc"`, rather than relying
  on the default value of `external-sourcery`. After setting TCMODE appropriately, you
  must also set `SOURCERY_SRC_FILE = "/path/to/your/sourcery-g++-source-tarball"` or
  `SOURCERY_SRC_URI = "http://some.domain/some-path"`.

## Behavior

The meta-sourcery layer.conf automatically defines `TCMODE` for us. The tcmode
performs a number of operations:

- Sets `TARGET_PREFIX` appropriately, after determining what prefix is in use by the toolchain
- Sanity checks `EXTERNAL_TOOLCHAIN`: does the path exist? does the expected sysroot exist?
- Sets preferences so that external recipes are used in preference to building
  them from source, including cross recipes which link/wrap the toolchain
  cross binaries

## Contributing

To contribute to this layer, please fork and submit pull requests to the
github [repository](https://github.com/MentorEmbedded/meta-sourcery), or open
issues for any bugs you find, or feature requests you have.

## Maintainer

This layer is maintained by [Mentor Graphics
Corporation](https://www.mentor.com/). Please direct all support requests for
this layer to the GitHub repository issues interface.

## To Do List

See [TODO.md](TODO.md).

Commit message:

Fix builds of the ppp recipe with most toolchains
A patch in oe-core is needed, at this time, to fix builds with
linux-libc-headers from the 4.8 Linux kernel or newer, which is not the case
for most external toolchains. Unfortunately, this patch also breaks the build
of ppp with older linux-libc-headers, so we need to revert it. A note in the
README is added explaining how to disable this for external toolchains with
recent enough kernel libc headers.

Signed-off-by: Christopher Larson <chris_larson@mentor.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenEmbedded/Yocto layer for the Sourcery G++ toolchain

## Dependencies

- [openembedded-core](https://github.com/openembedded/openembedded-core)
  layer, with a matching branch (i.e. master of oe-core and master of
  meta-sourcery).
- [bitbake](https://github.com/openembedded/bitbake), with a matching branch.
- An installed Sourcery G++ toolchain
- An existing build directory configured for this bitbake and
  openembedded-core.

## Usage & Instructions

- If it's an ia32 toolchain, make sure you did *not* let it modify your PATH,
  and if you did, remove it.

  This is necessary because the ia32 Sourcery G++ toolchain shipped
  non-prefixed binaries (e.g. `gcc` rather than `i586-none-linux-gcc`), which
  means bitbake would be unable to run the host's gcc directly anymore.
- Add the meta-sourcery layer to your `BBLAYERS` in `conf/bblayers.conf`.
  Please make certain that it is listed before the `meta` layer, as this
  ensures meta-sourcery gets priority over meta.
- Set `EXTERNAL_TOOLCHAIN = "/path/to/your/sourcery-g++-install"` in
  `conf/local.conf`.
- If the external toolchain was built with linux-libc-headers from the 4.8
  Linux kernel or newer, set `KERNEL_48_PATCH_REMOVE = ""` in
  `conf/local.conf` to fix the build of the `ppp` recipe.

### Optional Functionality

- If the user chooses to, they may optionally decide to rebuild the Sourcery G++ glibc
  from source, if they have downloaded the corresponding source archive from Mentor
  Graphics. To so, set `TCMODE = "external-sourcery-rebuild-libc"`, rather than relying
  on the default value of `external-sourcery`. After setting TCMODE appropriately, you
  must also set `SOURCERY_SRC_FILE = "/path/to/your/sourcery-g++-source-tarball"` or
  `SOURCERY_SRC_URI = "http://some.domain/some-path"`.

## Behavior

The meta-sourcery layer.conf automatically defines `TCMODE` for us. The tcmode
performs a number of operations:

- Sets `TARGET_PREFIX` appropriately, after determining what prefix is in use by the toolchain
- Sanity checks `EXTERNAL_TOOLCHAIN`: does the path exist? does the expected sysroot exist?
- Sets preferences so that external recipes are used in preference to building
  them from source, including cross recipes which link/wrap the toolchain
  cross binaries

## Contributing

To contribute to this layer, please fork and submit pull requests to the
github [repository](https://github.com/MentorEmbedded/meta-sourcery), or open
issues for any bugs you find, or feature requests you have.

## Maintainer

This layer is maintained by [Mentor Graphics
Corporation](https://www.mentor.com/). Please direct all support requests for
this layer to the GitHub repository issues interface.

## To Do List

See [TODO.md](TODO.md).
